{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green139\blue34;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh14980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Things that you can do with the MouseTrackerKF object\
\
Visualization methods in the MouseTrackerKF object\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf3 function\cf0  ah = plotVelocity(this, frames, varargin)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0         \cf2 % function ah = plotVelocity(this, frames, varargin)
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20         \cf2 %
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20         \cf2 % Plots the position with the velocity as a color code. Varargin provides the following
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20         \cf2 % optional inputs:
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20         \cf2 % 1) 'nose' or 'body' for different velocities.  Nose is default.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20         \cf2 % 2) Gaussian filter length in samples - the velocity can be noisy, which can interfere with
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20         \cf2 %    its visualization.  Filtering to reduce extremes.  Default is 1, the std in samples.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 function\cf0  plotPosition(this, frames, varargin)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function plotPosition(this, frames)
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf3 function\cf0  plotNosePosition(this, frames)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function plotDirection(this, frames)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 function\cf0  plotDirection(this, frames)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function plotDirection(this, frames)
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf3 function\cf0  plotFollowing(this, frames, dist_thresh, textflag)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function plotFollowing(this, frames, dist_thresh, textflag)
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % plot the following segments based on the following information 
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf3 function\cf0  ah = plotFollowingSide(this, frames, dist_thresh, textflag)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function ah = plotFollowingSide(this, frames, dist_thresh, textflag)
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % plot the following segments based on the following information
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf3 function\cf0  plotOrientation(this, frames)
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 \cf3 function\cf0  [exploredProp, exploredLen] = plotFollowingTimecourse(this, threshDist, varargin)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function plotFollowingTimecourse(this)
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 %
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % This function returns the proporation of the trail pixels that the mouse came within a given
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % distance of, for each video frame.  It's nice because it does show the bouts of following in a 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % way that even penalizes the animal for stopping along the trail. It's a  clean way of measuring 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % the completeness of his trail exploration.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % Algorthmically, this is a similar problem to finding the following segments except reversed.  As
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % implemented it's SLOW.  Thought for speeding it up is to do it on the full video once, to get the
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % frames where the animal is within distance of ANY pixel, then do the incremental on only those frames.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 %
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % exploredLen returns a length in mm using mm_conv\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 function\cf0  writeMovie(this, filename, movieType, frames, dispCrop, speed)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0             \cf2 % function writeMovie(this, filename, movieType, frames, dispCrop)
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20             \cf2 % Writes a movie of the tracked mouse to disk at the given location
\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\fs20  \cf3 function\cf0  showMovie(this, movieType, frames, varargin)
\fs24 \

\fs20             \cf2 % function showMovie(this, useBinMovie, frames, dispCrop[OPTIONAL], overlay[OPTIONAL])
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
}